Add sorted order (#237)
nubank/matcher-combinators: README.md

- `in-any-order` operates over sequences

  matches when the given a sequence that is the same as the `expected` sequence but with elements in a different order.  Similar to midje's `(just expected :in-any-order)`
- `sorted-by` takes a `key-fn` and an `expected` sequence, sorts both `expected` and `actual` by `key-fn`, and matches them in order. 

>    An alternative to `in-any-order` for large sequences of sortable values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   An alternative to `in-any-order` for cases when inputs are sortable and `in-any-order` has poor performance, such as with large sequences.
```
